----------------
Date: 2016-03-20
Author: chamnit
Subject: EEPROM string checks and re-added some compile options.

- Incremented version to v1.0d, but more changes to come before release.

- EEPROM strings were linked to the LINE_BUFFER_SIZE, which were
increased from 80 to 256. This caused a problem with EEPROM storage and
would corrupt any existing data there. Now fixed to preserve the data
there by limiting the size read or written to EEPROM to 80 characters.

- When EEPROM string length is exceeded, Grbl will respond with a “Line
length exceeded” error.

- Re-added a couple of compile-time options: realtime line numbers and
rate reporting. This is to ensure backward support for GUIs for the
time being. These removal options will go away eventually before they
become hard-coded in. (They will be toggle-able with the status report
mask in settings though.)


----------------
Date: 2016-03-19
Author: Sonny Jeon
Subject: Removed 328p-related code. Enabled options by default.

- Removed all of the 328p-related code, which seemed to clean up things
quite a bit without all those ifdefs everywhere.

- Since the 328p was very memory and flash limited, lots of
compile-time options were disabled by default. These have been now been
enabled by default. As they are considered generally helpful and does
not significantly impact how Grbl runs.

- For example, status reports can now report back real time feed rate
and line number being executed. Variable spindle is standard with a
separate spindle enable pin. Grbl will now check if a user setting has
exceeded the maximum step frequency and report an error, if so. And
finally, M7 flood coolant is enabled.

- In addition, all buffers have been significantly increased to take
advantage of the additional memory available. The planner buffer can
plan up to 36 motions. The serial buffers have been doubled in size
(256/128 bytes RX/TX). And the longest line Grbl can accept is 256
bytes, per the g-code standard (Grbl 328p is limited to 80).

- Removed the cpu_map folder, since this version is strictly Mega2560.


----------------
Date: 2016-03-19
Author: chamnit
Subject: Update README


----------------
Date: 2016-03-19
Author: Sonny Jeon
Subject: No variable spindle and spindle speed fix.

- Soft limit errors were stuck in a feed hold without notifying the
user why it was in a hold. When resumed, the soft limit error would
kick in. Issue should be fixed to behave as intended to automatically
hold and issue a soft limit alarm once the machine has come to a stop.

